This document should eventually at some point describe the design and design decisions in the `main.py` script.  As for now it's just sort of a pad for writing down some thoughts of mine.

* We have no test code at all!  That sucks a bit, possibly (most likely!) debugging and refactoring would have been a lot easier with tests.  It's always difficult to make test code for things that are working toward APIs.  One way to deal with it could be to record some timelines and mock up the API to deliver different timelines.  One particular difficulty with this script is that there is no one and true answer for how it should handle the events.  Time tracking will always have to be fuzzy for people like me, changing focus between different tasks and windows all the time.  Anyway, I should probably prioritize setting up some test code before working more on this.
* Breaking the script and restarting it should ideally be the same as having the script running all the time, but currently some information is lost:
  * The `last_known_tick` describes the *end*-time of the event that was tracked.  This information is lost when restarting.  Normally it's harmless because the *start*-time of the next event would typically match the end-time of the previous event.  The big exception is afk-events which are independent of window events.  Break the script when it's in an afk period, and one may risk the period when one was really afk getting interrupted by "ghost" window events.  Possible solution: always tag a "non-afk" indicating when the user got to the keyboard again.  Make sure to add tags to this timewarrior-event instead of creating a new event.
  * Other data in the Exporter object is lost.  I should possibly look through it.
  * We currently have some startup-issues (debug hooks)
* We currently have an issue with interactivity.  The script has sort of two modes, it can retroactively add tags and it is supposed to also work real-time and throw up tags.  The latter is important for allowing me to see what the script thinks I'm doing right now, so I can override it.  The latter is also important for my "anti-time-wasting"-feature, where it enables some blinking if I'm browsing time-wasting sites on the internet.  The interactive mode was sort of broken, it would pull the current event from the queue, get the wrong duration, and then not handle it again.  Now the script has been redone to ignore the current event - but that also creates a new problem, the script will typically lag behind.  This is particularly true if I get "stuck" in one window for a longer time.  It's needed to refactor this even more.  Add yet some more variables to the Exporter track for the *current* activity.  Make something allowing *rehandling* of the current activity, possibly also allowing a *rollback*.  I need to think more of this - but first I probably need to write up some test code.
